hi everyone this is shorty and you're
watching my giant UTI Janardan and this
is going to be a requested video how to
blow-dry your hair so City if you want
to see this video so in this video you
need to have a comb or a brush here
brush comb sorry about it some hair ties
or you can use a hair clips as well heat
protecting spray if we I'm using this
treasure me one if you don't know what
is a heat protectant spray I will put
the link or description in the down bar
somewhere in the down bar and if your
dryer that's it so stick if you want to
see this video and I hope you will like
it don't forget to rate subscribe and
comment in this video I will show you
how to blow dry your hair professionally
at your home so this is the finished
look
okay so first apply a heat protecting
spray all of your heroes and distribute
it by using a comb
I'm going to separate my hairs the top
layer and just taking the one and a half
inch from the back and tying it up or
securing it up next taking am I'm taking
two sections left and right and calming
it through now start blow drying taking
my brush in left hand and blow dryer in
right hand and doing it upside down this
should be upside down make sure and
start blow drying it will give you the
best result
and as you can see in just one take my
hairs are very straight silky and smooth
just ran a comb after applying or doing
this blow-dryer to make your hairs more
softer and even more shiny and silk here
make sure you are applying the
blow-dryer upside down to get the best
result now in time these hairs at the
back so that they are not interrupting
while this process is going on next I am
taking one more section from the top
here's or here I'm sorry I am securing
the rest of here above
taking a making two parts left and right
having my brush in left hand and
blow-dry in right hand and start blow
drying this will give you more control
and your hairs will be more control when
you are to blow drying your hairs and
here's the result as you can see in just
one swipe see my hairs are very frizzy
and curly so I'm going to blow-dry it
that's it comment to make it more circle
next I'm doing the top section all the
crown heroes okay so here the technique
is a bit different section it up I'm
taking just half an inch of section from
the back and securing the front hairs by
tying up using some bands
now taking my brush in the left hand and
I'm going to blow-dry it upwards to
create more volume and it will not give
you a slanted straight hair it will give
you a voluminous straight hair if you
are blow drying your crown area here
from downwards toward upwards like this
and as you can see it's straighten to
here okay next I am taking one more
section and I'm doing it towards back so
that it can create a kind of a bump or a
volume at the crown as you can see that
like this
the rest of the years going to blow-dry
it upwards if you have banks it's very
great to blow dry your hair upwards as
it will give you a volume and your banks
will fall at a very beautiful site as
you can see my banks are like jumping up
and that's it this is the finished look
I hope you enjoyed it don't forget to
rate subscribe and comment this is the
subscribe button and click on any of the
picture to check out these videos thank
you